OSDOCS-11648-RN Must-gather additional flags release note (#80776)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-17-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-17-nodes_{context}"]
=== Nodes

[id="ocp-4-17-must-gather-new-flags_{context}"]
=== New flags added for must-gather command

> {product-title} release {product-version} adds two new flags for use with the `oc adm must-gather` command to limit the timespan of the information gathered. The new flags and their uses are listed here. Only one of the following flags can be used at a time. Plugins are encouraged but not required to support these flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} release {product-version} adds two new flags for use with the `oc adm must-gather` command to limit the timespan of the information gathered. Only one of the following flags can be used at a time. Plugins are encouraged but not required to support these flags.
```
I think you can remove this sentence since the flags and their uses are listed immediately below this paragraph.

> * `--since`: Only return logs newer than a relative duration like 5s, 2m, or 3h. Defaults to all logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--since`: Only return logs newer than a relative duration, such as 5s, 2m, or 3h. Defaults to all logs.
```
IBM Style word usage says to avoid using _like_ to mean _such as_.
